the prints from the crime scene match
children you have to believe I did not
do know what they said I did
No
got one prisoner unaccounted for Mark
Roberts a daring escape a cross-country
man mountain
no one had seen anything like it
our hair
search every house hospital hotel back
road and backwater to mr. mark J Robert
shut for Sam Gerard and his team of US
Marshals never like a fugitive arrest
before yeah not about you nothing is
what it seems I gotta find out in the
hell mark Roberts really is ex US Marine
Special Forces ex CIA black ops all
right no one can be trusted I got set up
from the word go
this is a ruthless killer who committed
murder in cold blood because this time
the fugitive they're chasing give me a
hat I'd like to listen to you explain
while you're ruthless assassin keeps
going out of his way to let people live
is a government spy who knows too much
yet a great Sam giraffe yes I am and you
always have to win
and face me heads gonna have to shoot me
can't record
still at large she's armed is dangerous
what do you intend to do gadget
you